Add Bitcoin DA Adapter link to README (#758)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: README.md

to have adapters for almost all Data Availability Layers and LLVM-compatible proof systems. Currently, we
maintain adapters for [`Risc0`](https://www.risczero.com) (a ZKVM) and [`Celestia`](https://www.celestia.org) a (DA layer).
The Avail project also maintains an adapter for their DA layer, which can be found [here](https://github.com/availproject/avail-sovereign-da-adapter).

> [Chainway](https://chainway.xyz/) team also maintains a Bitcoin DA adapter for their Sovereign Rollup on Bitcoin, which can be found [here](https://github.com/chainwayxyz/bitcoin-da).

Reviewer: nit: It would be nice to emphasize that the adapter is open source!

```suggestion
[Chainway](https://chainway.xyz/) team also maintains an open-source Bitcoin DA adapter for their Sovereign Rollup on Bitcoin, which can be found [here](https://github.com/chainwayxyz/bitcoin-da).
```
